story01 (#1)
alem-platform/bootcamp-js: story02/map-masters/README.md

# Map Masters

With the legendary `map` method, you are tasked with applying a function to each element in an array, returning a brand-new array of transformed elements.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Using the array map method apply a function to each element in an array, returning a new array of transformed elements.
```
https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/map

> With the legendary [map](https://developer.mozilla.org/ru/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/map) method, you are tasked with applying a function to each element in an array, returning a brand-new array of transformed elements.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Write a function called `transformArray` which applies a function to each element in an array.

[map](https://developer.mozilla.org/ru/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array/map)
```

### Instructions:

Create a function called `mapMasters` that takes two arguments:

> 1. An array: The collection of elements you will transform.
> 2. A callback function: The magic spell (function) that will transform each element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. An array
2. A callback function
```
